  My work on this project highlighted the value of writing code that was readable, adaptable, and easy to maintain, because there were times I had to change what my application performed and how it grouped and filtered data. By utilizing appropriate in-line comments and comment blocks, my code was organized well enough that it was easy to find where I needed to alter something. Not only did this make it easier to go back and tweak some things to meet project standards, but it also made it easier to trace errors and find where in my code it was causing an issue. Proper naming plays an integral part as well especially if someone would want to take my code and adapt it to new yet somewhat similar use. 
  
  This is particularly true when it comes to creating the Python CRUD module I used to act as an intermediary between the MongoDB database and the Dashboard. While the Dashboard only utilized a read method from the module, this module also included Create, Update, and Delete methods which allows for added functions for this project and also makes it adaptable to many other use cases. The CRUD module would work great to implement a database maintenance application for the staff of the animal shelter to easily add new animals, query existing animals, update current animals, and delete animal documents without having to understand MongoDB commands at all.

  The most significant difference between this project and previous courses was developing a full-stack solution rather than just an individual program. Creating a separate Python module vastly increased the possibilities for new functions down the road. Utilizing simple interpretive programming languages such as Python to interact with a database is a strategy I can see utilizing much more because of the adaptability and powerful functionality it adds.  

  Computer scientists work to find ways to make computing more useful, powerful, and efficient to make it more useful for practical use. This project highlights how a software application can make finding an appropriate rescue dog candidate as easy as clicking a single button. Now they know the location of the perfect training animal. In a broader view, the work computer scientists perform leverages technology to solve unique problems while also building the infrastructure for further innovation and solving more problems. It is a feedback loop that only continues moving forward, and virtually every person is affected by it directly or at least indirectly.
